doc/base.rst, before:

.. _base:

Base classes from O\ :sub:`2`\ scl
==================================

Class std_string
----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_string
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector
----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector_int
--------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector_int
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector_size_t
-----------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector_size_t
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector_string
-----------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector_string
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class ublas_vector
------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.ublas_vector
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class ublas_matrix
------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.ublas_matrix
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class lib_settings_class
------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.lib_settings_class
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class table
-----------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.table
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class table_units
-----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.table_units
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid
------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class uniform_grid_end
----------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_end
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_width
------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_end_width
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_end_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_log_end
--------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_log_end
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_log_width
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_log_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_log_end_width
--------------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_log_end_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class table3d
-------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.table3d
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class index_spec
----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.index_spec
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class tensor
------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.tensor
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class tensor_grid
-----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.tensor_grid
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class find_constants
--------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.find_constants
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class convert_units
-------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.convert_units
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class shared_ptr_table_units
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.shared_ptr_table_units
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__

Commit message:

Updating base classes and associated tests.

doc/base.rst, after:

.. _base:

Base classes from O\ :sub:`2`\ scl
==================================

Note that these classes are experimental. They are not intended
to provide the full functionality
of the corresponding C++ class.

Class std_string
----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_string
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector
----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector_int
--------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector_int
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector_size_t
-----------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector_size_t
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class std_vector_string
-----------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.std_vector_string
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class ublas_vector
------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.ublas_vector
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class ublas_matrix
------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.ublas_matrix
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class lib_settings_class
------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.lib_settings_class
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class table
-----------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.table
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __deepcopy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class table_units
-----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.table_units
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __deepcopy__

Class uniform_grid
------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __getitem__

Class uniform_grid_end
----------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_end
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_width
------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_end_width
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_end_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_log_end
--------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_log_end
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_log_width
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_log_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class uniform_grid_log_end_width
--------------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.uniform_grid_log_end_width
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class table3d
-------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.table3d
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __deepcopy__

Class index_spec
----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.index_spec
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class tensor
------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.tensor
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __deepcopy__

Class tensor_grid
-----------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.tensor_grid
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__
        .. automethod:: __deepcopy__

Class find_constants
--------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.find_constants
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class convert_units
-------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.convert_units
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
        .. automethod:: __copy__

Class shared_ptr_table_units
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.shared_ptr_table_units
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

        .. automethod:: __init__
        .. automethod:: __del__
