.. _install:

Installation and Requirements
=============================

:ref:`O2sclpy <o2sclpy>`

O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy requires an installation of the development version
of O\ :sub:`2`\ scl. The release version, O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy 0.926,
requires the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl v0.926 release from
https://github.com/awsteiner/o2scl/releases/tag/v0.926 and the
development version, O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy 0.927a1, requires that the
most recent version of O\ :sub:`2`\ scl from the master branch on
github is installed on your machine.

The most recent release version of O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy can be installed
with e.g. ``pip3 install o2sclpy``. If you want to install the
development version (v0.927a1), you can clone the git repository,
change directory to the O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy directory, and then use
e.g. ``pip3 install .`` if you want to use the pip package manager or
``python3 setup.py install`` to do a direct installation.

O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy requires
python3 packages `requests <https://pypi.org/project/requests/>`_,
`h5py <https://www.h5py.org/>`_, `numpy <https://www.numpy.org>`_, and
`matplotlib <https://matplotlib.org>`_. O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy also
assumes LaTeX is installed on your system.

O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy dynamically loads the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl libraries
using the :class:`o2sclpy.linker` python class. This class may require
some additional information about your system in order to perform the
dynamic loading properly. See :ref:`Linking with O2scl <link2>` for
more details.

