doc/link_cpp.rst, before:

.. _cpp:

Using the C++ interface
=======================

:ref:`O2sclpy <o2sclpy>`

O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy includes several classes and functions which are
wrappers around the original O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes and functions.
The full documentation of these classes and functions is not
reproduced here, but a link to the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl documentation is
provided. Note also that not all O\ :sub:`2`\ scl functions are
wrapped. In those O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes which are wrapped in O\
:sub:`2`\ sclpy, not all of their methods or data members are
accessible in O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy. If there is O\ :sub:`2`\ scl which
is missing and you would like me to include, let me know.

One :class:`o2sclpy.linker` object should be created and then that
object should be used to link the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl libraries with the
:meth:`o2sclpy.linker.link_o2scl()` function. Then, all O\
:sub:`2`\ scl-based classes can be instantiated with the
:class:`o2sclpy.linker` object. In the ``__init__`` methods of python
wrappers of O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes, the ``pointer`` argument is
optional and only needed if one is performing a shallow copy of an O\
:sub:`2`\ scl-based class.

Generally, O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy should take care of the memory
management for you. If they have ownership over their pointer,
then their ``_owner`` data is ``True``, and their ``__del__``
method will call the C++ function necessary to free the memory
associated with the underlying
object. O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy contains wrappers to some
``std::shared_ptr`` objects, and these objects may not be
destructed until the Python garbage collector deletes the last
O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy class which owns a copy of the ``shared_ptr``.

Throwing C++ exceptions across DLL boundaries is not supported in
O\ :sub:`2`\ scl, so O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy ensures that O\ :sub:`2`\ scl
uses an alternate error handler which calls ``exit()`` (i.e. from
``libc``) when an error occurs. O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy does
not support any interaction between Python and C++ exceptions.

Finally, some O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes output information to
``std::cout``, and in a Jupyter notebook this normally goes to the
Jupyter console. If you want this output to go to the Jupyter notebook
instead, you will need to use the :class:`o2sclpy.cap_cout` class.

.. _link:

Linking with O\ :sub:`2`\ scl
-----------------------------

The :class:`o2sclpy.linker` class (see below) controls the dynamical loading
of the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl libraries. This class may require some
additional information about your system in order to perform the
dynamic loading properly. 

The variable :data:`link_o2scl.o2scl_cpp_lib` specifies the C++ library
to be loaded, in case it is not loaded automatically. The function
:func:`link_o2scl.get_library_settings()` will set this to be the
value of the environment variable ``O2SCL_CPP_LIB``. You can also
specify the C++ library on the command-line when using the
:ref:`o2graph_script` using the ``o2scl-cpp-lib`` command. On a MacOS
laptop, when using ``clang`` the C++ library is typically found
automatically, but when using ``gcc`` I have to set this value to
``/usr/local/lib/gcc/11/libstdc++.dylib``.

The variable :data:`link_o2scl.o2scl_lib_dir` specifies the directory
where ``libo2scl.so`` is to be found, in case it cannot be found
automatically. The function :func:`link_o2scl.get_library_settings()`
will set this to be the value of the environment variable
``O2SCL_LIB_DIR``. You can also specify the C++ library on the
command-line when using the :ref:`o2graph_script` using the
``o2scl-lib-dir`` command.

Finally, the variable :data:`link_o2scl.o2scl_addl_libs` is a list of
additional libraries which are required and not automatically included
by the dynamic loading. The function
:func:`link_o2scl.get_library_settings()` will set this to be the
comma-separated list in the environment variable ``O2SCL_ADDL_LIBS``.
You can also specify the C++ library on the command-line when using
the :ref:`o2graph_script` using the ``o2scl-addl-libs`` command. If O\
:sub:`2`\ scl is installed with OpenMP support, the OpenMP libraries
are often not automatically linked in, and so you may need to include
something similar to ``/usr/local/lib/gcc/11/libgomp.1.dylib``. Also,
on my MacOS laptop, the readline library is not automatically
included, so I typically use
``O2SCL_ADDL_LIBS=/usr/lib/libreadline.dylib,/usr/local/lib/gcc/11/libgomp.1.dylib``. 

Linking with O\ :sub:`2`\ scl example
-------------------------------------

`nbviewer version <https://nbviewer.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/awsteiner/o2sclpy/main/doc/static/examples/link_o2scl.ipynb>`_.

.. literalinclude:: static/examples/link_o2scl.py

Class linker
------------
                    
.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.linker
        :members:
        :undoc-members:

Commit message:

Work on docs, deprecating slack_notify for c++ version.

doc/link_cpp.rst, after:

.. _cpp:

Using the C++ interface
=======================

:ref:`O2sclpy <o2sclpy>`

C++ interface contents
----------------------

- :ref:`C++ interface introduction`
- :ref:`Linking with O2scl <link2>`
- :ref:`Linking with O2scl example <linkexample>`
- :ref:`Class linker`

C++ interface introduction
--------------------------
     
O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy includes several classes and functions which are
wrappers around the original O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes and functions.
The full documentation of these classes and functions is not
reproduced here, but a link to the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl documentation is
provided. Note also that not all O\ :sub:`2`\ scl functions are
wrapped. In those O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes which are wrapped in O\
:sub:`2`\ sclpy, not all of their methods or data members are
accessible in O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy. If there is O\ :sub:`2`\ scl which
is missing and you would like me to include, let me know.

One :class:`o2sclpy.linker` object should be created and then that
object should be used to link the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl libraries with the
:meth:`o2sclpy.linker.link_o2scl()` function. Then, all O\
:sub:`2`\ scl-based classes can be instantiated with the
:class:`o2sclpy.linker` object. In the ``__init__`` methods of python
wrappers of O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes, the ``pointer`` argument is
optional and only needed if one is performing a shallow copy of an O\
:sub:`2`\ scl-based class.

Generally, O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy should take care of the memory
management for you. If they have ownership over their pointer,
then their ``_owner`` data is ``True``, and their ``__del__``
method will call the C++ function necessary to free the memory
associated with the underlying
object. O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy contains wrappers to some
``std::shared_ptr`` objects, and these objects may not be
destructed until the Python garbage collector deletes the last
O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy class which owns a copy of the ``shared_ptr``.

Throwing C++ exceptions across DLL boundaries is not supported in
O\ :sub:`2`\ scl, so O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy ensures that O\ :sub:`2`\ scl
uses an alternate error handler which calls ``exit()`` (i.e. from
``libc``) when an error occurs. O\ :sub:`2`\ sclpy does
not support any interaction between Python and C++ exceptions.

Finally, some O\ :sub:`2`\ scl classes output information to
``std::cout``, and in a Jupyter notebook this normally goes to the
Jupyter console. If you want this output to go to the Jupyter notebook
instead, you will need to use the :class:`o2sclpy.cap_cout` class.

.. _link2:

Linking with O\ :sub:`2`\ scl
-----------------------------

The :class:`o2sclpy.linker` class (see below) controls the dynamical loading
of the O\ :sub:`2`\ scl libraries. This class may require some
additional information about your system in order to perform the
dynamic loading properly. 

The variable :data:`link_o2scl.o2scl_cpp_lib` specifies the C++ library
to be loaded, in case it is not loaded automatically. The function
:func:`link_o2scl.get_library_settings()` will set this to be the
value of the environment variable ``O2SCL_CPP_LIB``. You can also
specify the C++ library on the command-line when using the
:ref:`o2graph_script` using the ``o2scl-cpp-lib`` command. On a MacOS
laptop, when using ``clang`` the C++ library is typically found
automatically, but when using ``gcc`` I have to set this value to
``/usr/local/lib/gcc/11/libstdc++.dylib``.

The variable :data:`link_o2scl.o2scl_lib_dir` specifies the directory
where ``libo2scl.so`` is to be found, in case it cannot be found
automatically. The function :func:`link_o2scl.get_library_settings()`
will set this to be the value of the environment variable
``O2SCL_LIB_DIR``. You can also specify the C++ library on the
command-line when using the :ref:`o2graph_script` using the
``o2scl-lib-dir`` command.

Finally, the variable :data:`link_o2scl.o2scl_addl_libs` is a list of
additional libraries which are required and not automatically included
by the dynamic loading. The function
:func:`link_o2scl.get_library_settings()` will set this to be the
comma-separated list in the environment variable ``O2SCL_ADDL_LIBS``.
You can also specify the C++ library on the command-line when using
the :ref:`o2graph_script` using the ``o2scl-addl-libs`` command. If O\
:sub:`2`\ scl is installed with OpenMP support, the OpenMP libraries
are often not automatically linked in, and so you may need to include
something similar to ``/usr/local/lib/gcc/11/libgomp.1.dylib``. Also,
on my MacOS laptop, the readline library is not automatically
included, so I typically use
``O2SCL_ADDL_LIBS=/usr/lib/libreadline.dylib,/usr/local/lib/gcc/11/libgomp.1.dylib``. 

.. _linkexample:

Linking with O\ :sub:`2`\ scl example
-------------------------------------

Use this `link
<https://nbviewer.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/awsteiner/o2sclpy/main/doc/static/examples/link_o2scl.ipynb>`_
to view this example as a jupyter notebook on nbviewer.org.

.. literalinclude:: static/examples/link_o2scl.py

Class linker
------------
                    
.. autoclass:: o2sclpy.linker
        :members:
        :undoc-members:
